Add Shuffle integration section (#5654)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/reference/ossec-conf/integration.rst

This indicates the service to integrate with.

+--------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| **Default value**  | n/a                                                                          |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| **Allowed values** | slack, pagerduty, virustotal, shuffle, any string that begins with 'custom-' |
+--------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. note::
  In the case of custom external integration, name must begin with ``custom-`` for example: ``custom-myintegration``. Read the `How to integrate external software using Integrator <https://wazuh.com/blog/how-to-integrate-external-software-using-integrator//>`_ document for more information.

hook_url
^^^^^^^^

> This is the URL provided by Slack when integration is enabled on the Slack side. This is **mandatory for Slack.** As of version 4.4, this field is also **required for the Shuffle integration.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the URL that is used for communication with the software being integrated. It's mandatory for the `Slack` and `Shuffle` integrations.
```
